add example with self (#472)
DisnakeDev/disnake: docs/ext/commands/slash_commands.rst

    ):
        ...

> In case you need don't want to use Param or need to use self in a cog you may
> create autocomplete options with the decorator @slash_command.autocomplete()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you need don't want to use :class:`Param <ext.commands.Param>` or need to use ``self`` in a cog you may
create autocomplete options with the :func:`autocomplete <ext.commands.InvokableSlashCommand.autocomplete>` decorator:
```
